nine-one-one one hour emergency I'd like
to propose a toast to Christine and her
admission to Oregon University for all
in such a great mood it would be a good
time for us to talk about something that
means a lot to see nice
we really feel like now is the right
opportunity for us to start our family
together I think it's important for a
young woman like Christine to finish
your education before taking a serious
stuff like marriage mom please James I
can't think of anybody I'd rather have
in the family than you you've been in a
very serious accident James is right
down the hall what about
I'm sorry I almost want to do without
you my dad says you got engaged
congratulations no thanks she's hot
I'll introduce myself next time I steer
yeah you should just wander here to
stalk my sister yeah that's what's
happen does that mean ever since the
accident she's been displaying signs
post-traumatic stress I gotta be honest
with you I think you're jealous of her
why would I be jealous of Christine what
are you doing
why are we waiting getting married let's
just do it don't let your feelings for
James blind you anything happens to her
I'll kill you don't make it look like an
accident
there's evil in this house